feat(ui): add firebase_ui_auth and oauth providers (#9343)
firebase/flutterfire: packages/firebase_ui_auth/doc/providers/universal-email-sign-in.md

# Universal email sign in

> Universal email sign in is a flow that allows to resolve connnected auth providers given an email.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Universal email sign in is a flow that will resolve connected auth providers with a given email.
```

This flow is intended to solve the problem where the user doesn't remember which provider was
previously used to authenticate.

## Using screen

Firebase UI provides a pre-built `UniversalEmailSignInScreen`.

```dart
UniversalEmailSignInScreen(
  // optional, shows a dialog with a sign in ui
  // with all connected providers.
  onProvidersFound: (email, providers) {
    // navigate to a custom sign in that provides
    // a UI for authentication for received providers.
  }
);
```

## Using view

> If the pre-built screens don't suite the app needs, you could use a `FindProvidersForEmailView` to build your custom screen:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the pre-built screens don't suit the app needs, you could use a `FindProvidersForEmailView` to build your custom screen:
```

```dart
class MyCustomWidget extends StatelessWidget {
  @override
  Widget build(BuildContext context) {
    return AuthFlowBuilder<UniversalEmailSignInController>(
      listener: (oldState, newState, controller) {
        if (newState is DifferentSignInMethodsFound) {
          showDifferentMethodSignInDialog(
            context: context,
            availableProviders: newState.methods,
            providers: FirebaseUIAuth.providersFor(
              FirebaseAuth.instance.app,
            ),
          );
        }
      },
      builder: (context, state, ctrl, child) {
        if (state is Uninitialized) {
          return TextField(
            decoration: InputDecoration(
              labelText: 'Email',
            ),
            onSubmitted: (email) {
              ctrl.findProvidersForEmail(email);
            },
          );
        } else if (state is FetchingProvidersForEmail) {
          return CircularProgressIndicator();
        } else if (state is AuthFailed) {
          return ErrorText(exception: state.exception);
        } else {
          return Text('Unknown state $state');
        }
      },
    );
  }
}
```

## Building a custom stateful widget

> For a full control over every phase of the authentication lifecycle you could build a stateful widget, which implements `UniversalEmailSignInListener`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For full control over every phase of the authentication lifecycle, you could build a stateful widget which implements `UniversalEmailSignInListener`:
```

> For a full control over every phase of the authentication lifecylce you could build a stateful widget, which implements `UniversalEmailSignInListener`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For a full control over every phase of the authentication lifecycle you could build a stateful widget, which implements `UniversalEmailSignInListener`:
```
